Update Sienna organization/domain references after migration to Sienna-Platform (#75)
NREL-Sienna/Sienna: SiennaDocs/docs/src/index.md

## About Sienna

> The National Renewable Energy Laboratory's [Sienna platform](https://sienna-platform.github.io/Sienna/)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The National Laboratory of the Rockies' [Sienna platform](https://sienna-platform.github.io/Sienna/)
```
